docs: README.md update, add CONTRIBUTING.md (#47)
eclipse/che-che4z-lsp-for-hlasm: clients/vscode-hlasmplugin/README.md

## Getting Started

### Usage

> Opening a HLASM project is done as such:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Follow these steps to open a HLASM project:
```

1. In menu _File_ -> _Open Folder..._, select the folder with the HLASM sources.

> 		(An example workspace is provided in the folder `example_workspace`.)

Author: ```suggestion
		<!-- (An example workspace is provided in the folder `example_workspace`.) Uncomment once PR#44 is merged-->
```

2. Open any HLASM source file (note that HLASM does not have a standard filename extension) or create a new file.
3. If the auto-detection of HLASM language does not recognize the file, set it manually in the bottom-right corner of the VS Code window.  

> 4. The extension is now enabled on the opened file. If you have macro definitions in separate files or use the COPY instruction, you need to setup the workspace.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. The extension is now enabled on the open file. If you have macro definitions in separate files or use the COPY instruction, you need to setup the workspace.
```

### Setting up a multi-file project environment

HLASM COPY instruction copies the source code from various external files, as driven by HLASM evaluation. The source code interpreter in the HLASM Extension needs to be set up correctly to be able to find the same files as the HLASM assembler program. 

> This is done by setting up two configuration files --- `proc_grps.json` and `pgm_conf.json`. The extension guides the user in their creation:

Author: ```suggestion
This is done by setting up two configuration files — `proc_grps.json` and `pgm_conf.json`. The extension guides the user in their creation:
```
